we are about to build our Dream Zen
oppos set up we're going to spend the
next 5 minutes buying all the tech and
the fun stuff and then we're going to
put it together to create the most
beautiful workspace that you've
hopefully ever seen okay so desk we
currently use one called the secret lab
Magnus Pro it's just a little bit too
gamer RGB for this room I think my key
thing is Cable Management no cables I
want it to look just complete and clean
oh I like that yeah minimalist would do
than this there's the E7 Pro this feels
a lot cleaner this cable 100 yeah it's
right to the very very back which is got
to be out of your line of sight let's do
that okay yeah all right let's do it so
chair wise I've been internally debating
a few different options this is the
airon by Herman Miller you know the
current chair I have in the studio
that's also Herman Miller what do you
think the design it doesn't fit but it's
functional yeah it's got to be a balance
obviously ergonomics are the priority
but the dream scenario is if we can get
ergonomics and design okay this is
another option so this is the steel case
gesture so this is the one that New York
Times said is the best desk chair based
on its flexibility or also the ability
to customize that we get exactly the
shade of color we want that's pretty
nice so they did a massive study that
found nine new postures that are not
adequately addressed by current seating
Solutions it's pretty cool wait so you
start off working then you're leaning in
lying back yeah let's do it I want to
try every one of those positions on the
chair so I found this here other day
this is the Samsung flip Pro and I swear
to God in my 14 years of covering
Samsung products I had no idea this was
a thing it seems like it's a massive
screen that's got a touch pen so it's in
interactive you can actually project up
to six different displays onto this one
display so every couple of months we do
these team days where we get together
the 10 or so people on our team and so
here six people at a time could share
their screens onto this massive screen
and then we can annotate on top of that
that's a Next Level collaboration okay I
think we absolutely need this so what
about the stuff that we actually put on
the desks so I think we already put
together a pretty banging setup in our
old house we just need to make it light
theme and then use this change as an
opportunity to upgrade the things that
we can
[Music]
invisible undersurface wireless charger
you put this underneath your desk and
your desk becomes the wireless charger
that is seamless I'm not sure I trust it
but I'm curious so one idea I had was if
we're really trying to go with this
theme of like Tranquility nature
elements some way to get Tree in it it
sounds crazy but I kind of like it have
you seen big Bonsai yes they look
absolutely stunning but do you know how
much Bonsai are the more aesthetically
pleasing the shape of the real Bonsai
the more you pay and for the nice ones
I've seen them for like 100,000 okay so
what about Fage and some fake options
this is way bigger than I was
expecting that is awesome the only other
option is we could go for a real tree
but just a different style I think
you're right that it's going to be
really hard to maintain a real tree but
I think we can get real real plants
around the room but this one big tree
can be an artificial one surely for The
Vibes we should look into it yeah I'm
really starting to build a picture of
this room like imagine tree surrounded
by rocks and there's some sort of
element of flowing water I love the
sound of trickling water and make it's
so peaceful something like this yes yes
okay this is actually crazy they can
create a custom stain in the steel mesh
to make the water have whatever movement
pattern that you want it to the only
thing left to do was to finish off each
of our desk setups with a few personal
touches I'm going to level with you I
was really nervous about how this room
is going to turn out we took a lot of
gambles here I mean I've never bought a
water feature before let alone two that
are both bigger than me I feel like this
tree could have looked incredibly fake
this joinery behind it just a waste of
space and this Moss wall yes we ended up
going for a full-on wall to wall Moss
feature it's the kind of thing that
could have looked very
tacky but I think we have just pulled it
off well welcome to the dream
[Music]
office so let me show you the Next
Generation desk setup and then I want to
show you my absolute favorite thing in
this room okay the Mr who the boss desk
setup 2.0 it actually looks like there's
a lot less going on than before but
there's actually a lot more so just for
this keyboard for example I went through
seven other keyboards that I thought
would be great before settling on this
one every one I tried had a different
issue one was too high so I got wrist
strain from bending one was too
resistive so it required a tiring amount
of force to activate the keys and
another one of them was just too loud
for a communal space and I'm really
starting to sound like Tech Goldilocks
right now you very quickly realize that
nothing on a spec sheet will actually
tell you how a keyboard is going to feel
under your fingers but then I found this
lowf free flow which is just right
ready yes it is glorious very fast to
type on you don't have to press hard
it's really low profile for a mechanical
keyboard but it's still got that great
the thunk with each key I love these
little side lights that we can use to
accentuate the whole Japanese zen garden
theme that we've got going on the funny
thing about this keyboard and actually
the really impressive thing about this
keyboard is after I tested all these
seven keyboards I handed them all to
drisha to test and then I handed them
all to Joseph or everything guy to test
and both also decided that this one was
their favorite so they've done something
right here but then this is nearly as
important as the keyboard itself I also
went through so many wrist rests we
started off with this one from lights
that you could actually flip to adjust
its height but even on the lowest
setting it was too high there's this
Cloud one that to me just didn't feel
plush enough I nearly gave up on this
Mission until I tested a keyboard from
Razer called the type Ultra didn't even
think much of the keyboard the wrist it
came with oh my God this is literally
everything I've been looking for it's
super plush like a pillow it's very
clean looking it's white and silver and
then when I found that it was still just
a tiny bit too high for me I realized I
could flip it around and that was a big
moment it all suddenly just slotted
together and then the mouse is the MX
Master 3s it's exactly the same mouse
that I used to use but now in white and
that's because this is actual Perfection
it works on any surface the battery
lasts for about 2 and 1/2 months the
clicks are really satisfying but at the
same time silent which is great when
there's people around and then also you
don't just have a vertical scroll wheel
you also have a horizont Al scroll wheel
I can take
that educating the masses and my wife
and then finishing off that Trio is this
mouse mat I just think there's something
really nice about having an oversized
mouse mat and it's not like you're
actually going to pick up your mouse and
start using it over here but it's the
feeling that you can which is it's kind
of like the appeal of open plan living
as opposed to having everything split
into separate rooms which is something
that we were specifically looking for
with this house and again we tried quite
a lot of these before deciding that we
didn't like the way that the stitched
fabric ones looked and that this faux
leather was definitely the way to go
okay taking a step back for a minute we
really lucked out with these chairs it's
much easier to test keyboards and mice
and mouse mats than it is chairs so when
we ordered these that was pretty much us
committing to these Steelcase gestures
but very first time I sat down on this
thing my back just went zip and it was
like it was almost violating but like
very posture correcting then then I
realized that it's also like the most
adjustable chair I've ever sat on so I
have right now about six different
things that I can control there's the
obvious up and down I mean that works as
normal but then I rotate the outside
part of that same knob and that's
actually seat depth so the seat just
gets longer and that actually does make
it more comfy because my legs are right
now being supported right up until my
knees there's another dial here that
lets you choose how much force is
required for the back to recline so I've
set M so that it's easy enough that it
doesn't feel like I'm pushing while
having enough resistance that it doesn't
feel like I'm or falling it's really
really freeing it kind of feels like the
chair is an extension of me like I'm
never thinking about the chair I'm just
thinking what position do I want to be
in and this makes that possible while
keeping my spine aligned there's
adjustable lumbar support on the back
you can change how far the headrest
comes out but I've got to say the
crowning jewel is these armrests there's
a little paddle underneath them and if I
hold that I can go all the way down I
can come all the way up I can go all the
way out I can come all the way in
there's more I can rotate them to
whatever angle I want and then I can
even decide how far forward or backward
they come and the reason this is such a
game changer well bring them to the same
height as the desk angle them in a
little bit come forward and all of a
sudden this extends my wrist support all
the way to my elbow I can have my arms
at the perfect 90 angle all the time
and I can say with 100% confidence as
someone who usually does struggle with
typing for long periods of time I have
never been more comfortable this
combination of items and positions seems
to have actually fixed a very real
long-term issue that I've been having
and you can probably tell how much joy
that brings me okay just before we get
to the meaty back end of this setup
where I would say it goes from good to
god tier what is this well we knew we
liked the idea of some sort of acoustic
paneling you want the office to be a
quiet place especially since we're so
close to the kitchen we started off by
looking at wooden paneling like this but
it just didn't feel exciting enough so
this is from a company called plant plan
and I think it's absolutely incredible
the way it works is you first agree on a
design they then build that design but
split it into lots of smaller panels so
they can ship it and bring it in and
then they slot all of those pieces
together using spare Moss that they
bring with them to patch up the seams
where possible and what I love is that
the day this thing got installed we
walked in and 60% of the echo in this
room had just disappeared the only thing
was there wasn't quite enough light on
it so me being me we created a whole
extra frame around it so that we could
have an LED that spills light onto it
and here we are the end product is I
mean it's it's beyond my wildest dreams
for something that we could have in an
office especially when you compare it to
the Cubby Hall in the kitchen that we
used to work in we tried to think of a
joke where this is the Mr who's the Moss
logo mossen very good oh but then also
what about this desk well this is kind
of awesome so after already deciding to
buy flexis Spot the flexispot company
actually reached out to sponsor this
video and this is like the easiest
integration we've ever done cuz this E7
Pro is not the most expensive sit stand
desk it's not the fanciest sit stand
desk but it might just be the best one
the value is insane it's just that the
fundamentals are so good this thing has
a 160 kg carrying capacity which means
you can put practically anything on this
desk and you can lean as much as you
want this thing has effectively zero
wobble which is honestly a rarity with
standing desks like vigorous typing is
usually enough to cause monitor wobble
not here and this tray at the back has
actually been the only way we've managed
to achieve our cable management goals
but I'm getting to that and if you're
not happy then flexi spot offer over 30
days of a free return window and over 10
years of warranty so you can just try it
so onto the back now this is the journey
Nova it's a ch2 fast wireless charger
for your phone but also an airpods
charger with a little mood lighting I've
gone for the airpods pro too by the way
because they sound great the noise
isolation is practically unmatched for
inair earphones and they wirelessly
charge plus this journey also has a
hidden watch charger too that you can
pull out from the back I think it's a
really sexy bit of Kit to be honest but
also the way it's designed it crams a
lot of functionality into something that
has quite a minimal desk footprint also
I've specifically chosen for it to sit
here so so that I can still see if
anything comes in but I can't
immediately reach it cuz for me that
creates enough of a barrier that I'm
only going to grab it if it's something
important as opposed to something mildly
distracting whoa while drer and I have
gone for those on our desks Joseph has
actually gone for the charger thing and
it works does so when you're installing
it you get this led mat that shows you
how much power the thing is providing to
each spot and then you use that to
determine where The Sweet Spot is and
therefore where you're going to put this
sticker down so the idea of having my
phone all the way over there and having
to reach for it was uh a little bit
traumatic so I thought have it right
within hand's reach was a good idea so
moving on this is a terrarium that I
found on Etsy the way that I've been
thinking about this is we have this
absolutely enormous towering wall of
greenery over here if we don't tie that
into the rest of the room it's going to
look really out of place and that's why
every part of the room I've made sure
that we've dotted it with elements of
that Mossy green we actually got some
artificial Moss that I put up the base
of the big Bonsai I think it comes
together really nicely
now on top of this monitor this is the
new BenQ screen bar Pro and this is very
cool for a few reasons so in our
previous desk setup in the old house we
used to have the Ben Q screen bar Halo
which had this little puck remote that
you'd use to control it this doesn't
even need it it's got a tiny little
speaker here which emits very high
frequency sound waves which are outside
the range of human hearing and then it
has a sensor that figures out how long
those soundwaves take to get back thus
determining if you're sitting in your
seat and if if you are it gently wakes
itself and if you leave after 5 minutes
it turns itself off which is not just
better for the old Energy bill but it's
just one less thing that you need to
think about I literally sit I type my
password and I am in this setup is so
easy to use with now one further less
piece of desk clutter since I don't need
a remote for the light it's also 30%
brighter than the last screen bar it
gets like perfectly even desk coverage
since the light is coming directly from
above instead of from one side the only
one thing that it doesn't have that the
old one did is a light behind the screen
bar that would light up the wall behind
you to reduce the fatigue on your eyes
but since we're not up against a wall
anymore that wouldn't do anything
anyways and now in terms of the monitor
itself as you saw we ended up going for
Dells these are 40in curved ultrawide 5K
resolution screens with a 120 HZ refresh
rate and they are exactly as good as
that spec makes it sound while also
tying into the whole white and silver
for everything that goes on this desk
zero regrets for this honestly which is
funny because I totally associate Dell
with the budget bulk order Tech from
school computer rooms back in the day
but this is where we get to some of my
proudest work so the Dell comes with a
stand just like basically any monitor
but what we've done is swapped out each
one of those stands for an ergotron HX
articulating
arm and not just because it sounds like
Megatron's best friend I think it adds a
lot to this feeling of openness that
I've been trying to create you know the
the same reason that we have such
massive desk mats it means that if you
feel like you want to move your monitor
back to relieve your eyes you push it
back if you feel like there's too much
sun coming in you can rotate it it means
that if you decide that you like your
chair really high but then your desk a
little bit low because it gives you good
typing posture then you can just push
the monitor up or down to still keep it
perfectly at eye level all with two
other benefits the arm takes up less
room on your desk than the stand this
one is particularly enormous for some
reason and it has also helped me to pull
off the most hardcore cable management
job of my lifetime so as you heard
earlier from the very beginning of
planning out this room we knew that we
wanted to have zero cables on show if we
could get to that that was a crazy thing
to say so casually we had absolutely no
idea at the time what trying to achieve
that goal would involve because if you
step back and really think about it
there are so many things going against
us achieving that in this room there's
only two sets of main sockets but this
is the single room with the most devices
connected there is not one or two but
there are three full desks which we need
to power everything on all the cables
they come out into the room as opposed
to it being the other way around and
backing against a wall where you can
just kind of shove them behind and not
worry about them but then as if we
needed one the final boss of cable
management issues is that because we
went for sit stand desks there's
movement involved so you can't just tape
every cable down there has to be Flex
the long and short of it is every spare
evening I've had for the last 2 weeks
I've been in this room testing all sorts
sorts of different Arrangements of tapes
and cable holders and cable management
mechanisms and one by one we actually
did figure out how to hide each and
every cable however we needed to shout
outs to double-sided transparent sticky
tape uh these cable sleeves from Alex
Tech which keep all of the smaller wires
together to make it look like one clean
thicker cable and this rug there's
actually a third set of power sockets in
this room but they're right in the very
middle we originally assumed there's
absolutely no way we're going to be able
to use them without turning this room
into one of those Mission Impossible
laser trip wire scenes every time you
walk in but this rug only just covers
the power sockets while getting close
enough to these desks to make the power
cables going to them basically disappear
while also in itself looking like raped
sand just like you see in a Japanese zen
garden so powering the whole thing then
is the M4 MacBook Pro I've gone for a
Macbook because I like the idea that I
have one computer so when I go somewhere
I unplug it and that's the one I take
with me and this is as you'd probably
expect given the price a Flipping
Fantastic computer the only thing I
would say is while the jump between
Intel MacBooks and apple silicon powered
MacBooks was game-changing in terms of
especially battery life everything since
that has felt pretty incremental like I
noticed practically zero difference when
I switched from an M2 MacBook Pro to an
M4 MacBook Pro and then just before my
number one favorite thing in this room
couple of finishing touches so this wow
is fluid stance the level in the old
setup we had the basic fluid stance
plane board and honestly I think it's
very expensive for what it is but then
like it's not expensive for what it
means for me like if you properly
measured the materials it's just a bunch
of plastic and foam that they're
charging over $100 to buy but then if
you think about it another way that
plastic and foam allowed me to stand
while I was working it kept my core
active and it gave my body something to
do for 3 to 4 hours every single day and
that's very valuable to me so we decided
this time to up up grade from the plane
to the level this is their top end model
and yes it has fancy materials and yes
it gives you slightly more space but I
mostly went for it just because it fits
the room's aesthetic way better we got
the desk cycle 2 under dr's desk and it
is surprisingly good it's very quiet and
it's also got a surprising amount of
resistance for something so tiny like
this isn't just something to do with
your legs it can be a workout if you
wanted to we also wanted to get some
speakers in here you know in case you
want to have a little boogie while you
work but we were also very aware that if
you have some big floor standers in the
middle of this room it's going to kill
the decluttered vibe that we're trying
to build so we found these speakers from
Meridian which have a really wide cone
of sound and we stuck them in the
ceiling and then we found this subwoofer
from the same company and we knocked it
up there this is actually a really
powerful setup this could well be the
vup RVE spot and then this is the
Samsung flip Pro originally we were very
much under a bigger is better mentality
and we went ahead and ordered the 86 in
version but very quickly realized it
completely killed the vibe we swapped it
out for the 55 in one and now I actually
like it we mostly just use it as a
whiteboard this is actually particularly
good at planning out the logistical
nightmare that is this video series but
with all the benefits of it being
digital plus like just having a screen
that you can roll around into any room
you want designed so that it can
directly connect to practically any
Gadget you have it will never not be
useful
I just connect that perfectly doesn't do
that automatically does it oh my
God okay so you've seen light mode now
it's time for dark mode and with that
this is my personal favorite thing about
this office and I do need to Cave at
that because having two large water
features like this especially indoors is
not a joke there are layers of
Maintenance you have to think about air
humidity you have to think about
waterproof paint but just look at it so
simple waterfalls from the the top and
this metal mesh provides the easiest
surface for the water to flow down but
because there's nothing else to it and
because we've added these matching
wooden enclosures around the top and the
bottom to make them look like part of
the room it's just so minimal and I was
saying this to drisha the other day
watching these things is so close to
that mesmerizing feeling of watching
fire you get this really soothing sound
effect and it never looks the same twice
and that's the office remember to check
out flexi spot for these absolute
Beauties and they're also having a Black
Friday sale so if you are interested
now's a pretty good time and I'll catch
you in the next one